[OSDOCS-3891]: Create the OpenShift Platform Plus product guide (#49279)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/opp-architecture-installation.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * architecture/opp-architecture.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="opp-architecture-installation_{context}"]
= Install {product-title}

> 

Reviewer: I believe having a section about minimum resource requirements specifically for OPP would go a long way to the user experience here. It took me a lot of trial and error going through all the different products documentation so finally get to a point where I was deploying these products with enough capacity on my underlying infrastructure.

Having something that describes the absolute minimum resource requirements for OPP to install sucessfully like we see in [ODF resource requirements](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/4.11/html-single/planning_your_deployment/index#resource-requirements_rhodf) would be very helpful.

Author: Thanks for this @ascerra. This is on the list to discuss with the engineering to get in the guide soon after the first publishing. I will include you on the ODCBUGS Jira for transparency.

> To install {product-title}, you must install five products in a specific order. Install {ocp} first. Then, install {rh-rhacm}. It does not matter what order you install the remaining products: {quay}, {rh-storage-essentials-first}, and {acs}. See the following detailed installation information for each product:

Reviewer: Should we offer a more user friendly installation method in these docs as well?

Maybe this is just too early in the process but internally we have solutions using [openshift-plus policyset](https://github.com/stolostron/policy-collection/tree/main/policygenerator/policy-sets/community/openshift-plus) and [Helm-Charts](https://github.com/hybrid-cloud-patterns/multicluster-devsecops/tree/e26bf91c2ec926a810703be12a0dc96010530b5d/charts/hub/opp) for doing this deployment.

Asking our customers to do 5 separate product installs for a single bundle that they have purchased just doesn't feel right. I'm curious if we are open to exploring documentation for a deployment that will be easier on the user.

Author: Hi @ascerra  This is an item that we should discuss during the team meeting. I agree that a single deployment would be easier, seamless, and more receptive to customers and our internal teams. I will request a discussion as soon as possible.

Author: @ascerra  We discussed this in the latest team meeting and the answer is that we will not have a universal installer; we want people to use policy sets for the installation.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * architecture/opp-architecture.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="opp-architecture-installation_{context}"]
= Installing {product-title}

> To install {product-title}, install {ocp}, Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management, Quay, OpenShift Data Foundation Essentials, and Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security. See the following detailed installation information for the {product-title} products:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install {product-title}, install {ocp}, {rh-rhacm-first}, Quay, OpenShift Data Foundation Essentials, and Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security. See the following detailed installation information for the {product-title} products:
```

* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.11/html/installing/installing-preparing#supported-installation-methods-for-different-platforms[Supported installation methods for different platforms]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.0/html/install/installing[Installing Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_security_for_kubernetes/3.71/html/installing/install-ocp-operator[Installing Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes by using an Operator]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/4.11[Deploying Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_quay/3/html/deploy_red_hat_quay_on_openshift_with_the_quay_operator/index[Deploy Red Hat Quay on OpenShift with the Quay Operator]

> IMPORTANT: You must first install {ocp}, followed by Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management. The remaining products can be installed in any order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: You must first install {ocp}, followed by {rh-rhacm-first}. The remaining products can be installed in any order.
```

.Procedure

. Install {ocp}. For detailed information to select the specific infrastructure option and start the installation, see _Supported installation methods for different platforms_.

> . Install Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management. For detailed information, see _Installing Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management for Kubernetes_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Install {rh-rhacm-first}. For detailed information, see _Installing Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management for Kubernetes_.
```
